---
title: Road trip 
date: '2018-04-07'
author: Agata Staniewicz
tags: 
- Côte d'Ivoire
- Abidjan
- fieldwork
- crocodiles
- travel
- Taï National Park
---

The drive from Abidjan to Taï National Park in the south-western corner of the country takes about 12-13 hours. We planned to set off at 5am, and hopefully arrive in our lodge at the edge of the park by nightfall. At 5:30am we were still waiting for our cars, and as they finally appeared, we went to meet the rest of the "expedition" and regroup. We were going in a convoy of 5 cars: Matt and Amelia, 5 film crew members, 4 Abuquerque Biopark staff, Sterrin (a Dutch MSc student), Christine and Michel (Ivorian PhD students), and me. Plus 4 drivers. We finally set off around 6am, after some nagging from the film crew, and soon lost two of the convoy cars as it tunred out we needed to get fuel.

Having done a similar-lenght car trip in Gabon last month, it was interesting to have a look at the rural Côte d'Ivoire and compare the countries. As I expected, Ivoarian countryside has a lot more agriculture than the forest-covered Gabon, and we passed many cocoa, palm oil and coconut plantations. The villages also appear much larger, more similar in size to Gabonese towns, but many of the houses appear to be built much more simply, with wooden scaffolding filled with clay(?), rather than the brick or wooden houses in Gabonese villages.

We eventually caught up with the other cars, and drove together all the way to San Perdo. There, we split up: I needed to go to a cash point and we needed to get food for the trip, so Matt, Amelia, Chaz, Christine, Michel and I stayed with 2 cars to do the shopping, while the other 3 cars went ahead to the lodge. 

We arrived at the lodge at 9pm, tired and ready for the goat roast dinner, only to discover that the other 3 cars didn't make it! It turned out the drivers didn't actually know the way and headed to Tai village, 50km further north, instead. A few hours later they finally arrived, tired, muddy and happy to see some cold beer and the (bucket) showers. 